Hi dudes. Welcome back to another toxic
Minecraft video. Today me, Sunny,
Bibble, and Zud are going to be trying
to find dumb ways to die in Minecraft.
That's right. We've designed an obstacle
course full of some of the dumbest ways
you can possibly die in Minecraft. We
have to figure out how to do it. Each
round, there'll be a custom way. We're
supposed to figure out how to die, solve
the puzzle, be the first one to do it.
Whoever dies first gets a point. At the
end, whoever has the most points is the
winner. To do this, you're going to need
three things. You're going to need
bravery, going to need intelligence, and
a nerdy level of understanding of
Minecraft. Fortunately, I have all of
those. And you know, you have the
responsibility to hit the subscribe
button. Okay, I'm trying to get to 2
million subs. It's up to you. Also, the
responsibility to hit this like button.
Okay, I need to feed my family. So, do
that. And uh let's go see if we can die
dumber than our friends.
Are you guys ready to die and incredibly
stop? This is not how we're supposed to
die. No, that gives me points. That
gives me points. What? No. What? Okay,
that's a smart way to die. Remember,
because this is a race.
And you broke it. And he broke it. Just
Why is he here? Who won? And he broke
it. No, I just You're just You're just
not supposed to be here. You're not
supposed to do Yeah. The admins are mad.
I can feel their anger simmering. Give
me my point back. No.
Thanks, Biffle. Thank you, Biffle. Thank
you. I got you. I got you. Okay, look.
We're going to level one, which is over
here, obviously. Not over there. Don't
go over there. You guys be idiots.
Whoever dies first gets the point. No
reason. Don't worry about it. Level one.
Uh, okay. Nope. Nothing in the chest.
Wait. Chest. Wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait.
Hey. No. No. No. Come on. Okay. No. No.
No. I get it. I get it. I get it. I get
it. I get it. I get it. Wait, did you
already get something that's for
something? Bipp, there's no way you just
Are you an idiot? There's no way. What'
I do? That's a movie, actually. No, you
made it to where I don't take fall
damage. You're stupid, Admin. Why' they
both try that? I don't know. I don't
know. I don't know. You better craft
fast enough. You better craft fast
enough. You better cry fast enough. I
don't understand what you're doing. I'm
confused. Wait, do we sing the song?
Yeah. Yeah. You have to sing it. You
have to sing it. Dumb ways to die. Hold
on. Dumb
mining. Why is riffle playing Minecraft?
I don't know what I'm doing. What is
this? Wait, hold on. I think I think I
got boozled.
Do I need to do it? No. I I think I got
boozled because the biome is wrong.
Maybe it's coded in to blow up. Anyways,
you should maybe stay away from me.
Wait, we have a hint, but I'm not ready.
Stop following me. You guys are so
weird. Just Just do the thing, man.
Oh, it actually is that. Wait, hang on.
Why did it kill Ian? Wait, no, no, no.
Why did it kill pointies?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm so
mad.
All right, so even though it wasn't the
Nether biome, it was still it was still
a setup. Got it. All right, you guys
ready for level two? Yeah. Yeah. Fine.
Don't yell at me. All right, level two.
Um, okay. H, what's in there? There was
nothing. Nothing. Nothing. What was in
it? That's not fair. Well, you get some.
I get it. That is not fair. I agree. But
you know what? Here we are. I'll tell
you what it is. It was 32 chicken spawn
eggs.
Oh, and the chickens probably some for
some reason kill us. No, that wouldn't
happen. Wait, no.
No. I No. No. I feel like feel like I
know what this is. I feel like I know
what this is. We grief. I'm griefing.
Are we allowed to build? Yeah, I am. I
think so. Wait, what was that?
Son, get out. Son, no. There's no way.
Son, go away. Son, go away. No. No. No.
No. No way. We're all in here, dude.
Okay. Okay. Is this entity cramming?
Yeah. Yeah, I think it's entity
cramming.
I don't I think you do a lot more than
whatever you get. Well, I only got 32,
dude. Wait. Wait. Oh my. Why? Oh, it's
cuz I punched I punched him and it
crammed them to me, bro. Yeah, I punched
him. So, I made it work for me, not you.
Obviously, when you punch chickens, when
there's 32 of them, it turns into zombie
piglins. That is a dumb way to die,
right, guys? Mhm. How How am I not dying
any of these way? What do you mean?
What? Get out of my face. You guys are
so mean. All right, let's play level
three. I have a sign. That's not how it
works.
Why? Why is that how it works? You
pressed it earlier and it was like that,
you idiot. That's called redstone,
buddy. No, it's not redstone. Okay, hold
I know what this has to be. Buddy,
buddy, buddy. Okay, there's definitely
an invisible something. You can't break
the floor. No one said I couldn't. Hold
on. It was breaking the floor. Bibble.
I'm sure underneath. No, that's bedrock.
What? Oh, okay. Why are you shifting on
things? You freaking Oh, I know. Why?
Dude, I just keep watching. Why would
you say that out loud?
I was told by the time what's not right.
What does holding shift do? It We think
that there's a powdered snow block
amongst the white concrete. Then you'll
see it won't. No, it blends in. We have
the texture pack on. Yeah, I'm turning
it off.
No, I don't. Well, you should put it on,
you idiot. Is that why you saw zombie
pigment earlier? Still no difference.
Yeah, I know. The That's why you saw
zombie pigman. I hate you. Oh, is it
something else? Yeah, it was just
chickens. Oh, sorry.
Oh, you're so dumb. It's not my fault.
I'm so confused. What do we What is the
like? Yeah. Yeah, there's a hint, but I
have it. No, I have it. I have it. Look
at this. You have the hint. So, you get
to choose what we get. You know what? I
got the power. That's it. We're doing
old style. Old style. Come here. Stay
away. Stay away.
Okay. All right. Fine. Fine. You're
probably lagging. Try relogging.
Reloing. Reload so fast. I've logged so
hard. Already logged out. Log so hard.
Oh, people died. Wait. Oh, it was just
logging out. Wait, everyone's died. Do
that. You have no Wait, show the ID.
Wait, no. Yeah, of course. I have it
saved. Uh, how does Wait. Yes, we all
got a point. What just happened? You
have no home or bed or charge respawn
anchor or it was obstructed. Now that
that was a dumb way to die. I don't get
it. Is this Among Us one? No. You know,
let's go over here to level two. Let's
try this one. Level four. Level four.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
There's no way it's that easy. There's
no way it's that easy. I was already in
here first. Oh no. We're getting effect.
Hey. Uh water breathing. Yeah. No,
there's no way. Why do I have water
breathing all of a sudden? That's really
weird. Yeah. Weird. Okay. Cuz that's
maybe the dumber way to die. H. Oh, I
know what to do. And then we need to do
this and the this and then this and then
this and then this. Do I know what to
do? No. You idiot. No, you know what to
do. Stop yelling at me. I think I know
what to do. What?
I need to craft a a thingy. Okay. If I
make a boat and I get in the boat and I
just spin around.
When I spin around, then I'll get dizzy
and die. No. Watch this. You're so good
at this. Ready? Watch this. Like get out
of the boat. He's serious. Oh gosh. Oh
gosh. Oh gosh. Wait. You know what?
Wait, what? That was actually the That
was a What? Oh, wait. Oh, I thought we
were getting yelled at, so I got out.
Wait, how did we die? How do you I
actually got nervous. We upset the
admin. Uh Z got out cuz he thought he
was in trouble for breaking the video. I
know. I legit thought I was in trouble,
so I got out of the boat, which killed
Sals. Stupid. What the heck? That's Say
it with me. Say it with me. It's cuz
we're dumb. No, Sunny's really going to
say that. Sunny can say it. Sunny, can
you say it? I'm going to the next one,
guys. The sign has been updated. Sign
has been updated. Level 0.5. That's not
going to work. Okay. He doesn't need mid
rolls. I do. I I do need mid rolls. I
have soul sand. Wait, what do you have?
Okay. Ow. Stop punching me. You told me
to. Okay. I think we're all supposed to
get one chest. I think that's why
there's four. I Well, I have two soul
sand. Yeah. Give me one. Two skulls and
two sand. No. Wait. Oh. Oh, yeah. Wait.
We're going to have to make We're going
to have to make the ender dragon. All
right. All right. That's a good That's a
good point. All right. Here. I'll do it.
I'll do it. There. Right here. Why did
you I didn't. That was him. Me? That was
him. That was him. I have one. You have
two on you. No, I picked that up. He
broke it. He broke it.
I have two wither skulls. Who is the
third?
We missing a Hello.
Who doesn't Who has a wither skull?
That's like not messing up.
Why are you keeping it? I don't Why are
we make a wither skeleton to work
together? I don't have a wither
skeleton. Skull. Why did you say we need
to make a wither skeleton? I don't know.
I don't play Minecraft. People has all
three. Guarantee. I have two. I have
two. All right, check the chests. All
right, check the chests. Sundy has the
other one. Sundy definitely has it. I do
not. I can see it in your inventory.
Okay. Oh, it's right there. Got it. How
did it just get there? What? Wait, no. I
Okay, I got it, but now I don't have it.
What? That's cuz Sunny has it. No, it
lagged. No, Sunny put it. Sunny put it,
then he took it. I don't. Z has it. He
has the spooky scary skeleton. Okay.
Well, now Z has it.
I hate you. I think I think we got it.
Oh, wait. Yeah. And then stand next to
each other. The hint says the rinse the
I knew you. Why? Wait, wait. No, wait.
He was lying the whole time. Bibble has
two. What? Wait. Now we need to make
wither noises. Why do we have too many
now?
We're Where the wither? We'll put the
sand down. Settles. You're the only one
that has it. I only have one piece then.
Where's the other one? I don't know.
What do you mean other four? I have Let
me count. One, two, three. I have three.
We need four. What are we supposed to be
doing in this game? Mega wither. Why is
he so different? Cuz look at the hint.
Look at the hint. It's wither but
spelled backwards.
Oh, he's thinking way too heavy into
that. Wait, no. Wait, I kind of hate
that he has a point. Die high and point.
Who put this up here? Well, how did that
wither get up that way? Soul sand get up
there. Ian, I don't think we can get it,
Ian. There's no shot. We have to No.
Okay, wait. We have to No, no, hear me
out. We Let's do the stupid way before
the actual logical smart way. So, put
the skeletons down first. Wait, can we
break these? Get out of my face. Yes.
Are you dumb? You get out of my face.
Okay, put it down. One. Stupidest thing
I've ever seen. Two. And then three. And
then it goes boom boom boom. And then
one on top. H. No. Okay. Now, maybe we
just do it the normal way.
Can you guys help me? Help me in the
corner, please. Dude, let the wither the
wither's just hanging out, dude. Yeah.
Help me. S. What was that? That was
already there. You just didn't even
break it. Oh,
we did it. How do we do that,
buddy? Back up. Back up. Back up. Back
up. Back up. Please me. Please me. Back
up. No. No. I need to be
I'll be okay. We all die. We all die.
Hey, I'm outside the map. Help. Well,
that was um we were efficient on that
one. 6,500. We're on level six. No, we
just just No, we're on 60. No, don't
edit that. I just We're going to 622.
Let's go. But it's still 6. I like this.
Minecraft. But if you see a wither. Kill
the weather. Kill. I'm scared.
Oh, we got a stone pick. Oh, I can mine
another thing. See you guys. What?
Bye-bye. We're But All right. See you.
Hey, but we're I'm on red. I escaped the
map again. Bye. We're on red. If you
touch red, you're dead. I'm touching
red. Yeah, I could not be more red.
I found the command block. I'm going to
go use that.
No. Wait, you already did the hint. Why?
No, we didn't. It It doesn't spawn.
Okay. The ads are mad. The ads are mad.
Out. Oh. Oh, I know what to do. I know
what to do. There's a village and I see
a rose over there. I'm going to go touch
the rose. Oh, never mind.
Never mind. Never mind. Maybe maybe we
should just plug up the holes, I guess.
All right, fine. The temptation is too
much. It's too much for us. Why am I
losing hunger? Well, the challenge.
Yeah. Okay. Um I guess we dig up the
entire arena. Maybe there's a piece of
redstone. That's what I'm wondering. No,
that's what I said. No, that he said it
better. I said it more. What? Speak to
you. Why are we doing this again? Cuz
it's a dumb way to die. We want to die.
Ian, one time we broke a million blocks
in Minecraft. You're really questioning
this one. Oh, I remember that. You
weren't there. You weren't alive. Yeah,
I remember it. Oh, I dug out. You
weren't there either, Bill. I know. My
pickax in a corner. What? All right,
pick a corner. I'll be good. Yeah. No,
no, no. Dips, dips. No, I got it. It was
a piece of redstone, bro. Bro, bro,
that's a dumb way to die. Now we Wait,
we have three. Wait, hold on. That's
crazy. And we still don't read this
sign. This was not me. What the level we
me that was not me. We all know
immediately who it was. We boy.
I love this level. Oh, wait. What was in
the chest? Wait, this is level one. See
you guys. No, it's not. What? I got
teleport. It was That wasn't level one.
Wait. Oh, I see. I see that, too. I see
that, too. do. Wait, isn't that the
crate mod? No, that's Bedrock. Wait, we
can just break things. What are we
doing? Are you stupid? This is not
bedrock. This is rock. You stupid. Wait,
I got a chicken egg. I didn't do
anything.
Obviously, it's a far idiot. Oh, there's
a chest. You're an idiot. Oh, I'm the
idiot. That means idiot in Spanish or I
think bilingual or something. Yeah,
that's a good point. Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait. Watch how pretty this
is. You break one and it falls.
I know how to die. Oh, wait. Yeah. My
bad. Okay. Why would you do it? Stop.
Get out of the water. Get out. You get
out of the water. I'm going to drain
your water. I'm draining your water. I
don't dare. You wouldn't die. I'm dying
to die. You have no draining it. Oh, I
need TV. And wait, we don't have water
breathing. We don't have water
breathing. Hold on. Wait. Oh, we just
drowned.
I'm sorry. Stop. Now we have water.
Okay. Water breathing. Bad. Okay. Okay.
Now we're really working the admin.
Yeah. Yeah. I can I can feel him
panicking.
Okay. Wait, wait, wait. I have I have
something. Mhm. 100 seeds.
Why is my texture back on? Wait, maybe
we're supposed to die.
Really?
Hold on. Okay, I have I have stuff. I
just don't know how it works. Oh,
damage. Gosh dangly. Darn it. We have
cows.
Wait, these are not cows. What? What are
they? Why did you kill them? They're
chickens that are piglins. Stop. Put
your texture back on, you cheater. Oh,
sorry. No, they're also wait. No, they
are cows. What? You idiot. You idiot. It
was cows. All right. Don't kill that
one. Don't kill that one. We might need
that means idiot in French. In French.
French. Franch with a little bit of
ranch. Wait. I have world edit with my
axe. I crafted. Oh, nice. You should do
something with that. Wait. Battle and
then cheat with a build with builder's
wand. Okay. This going to be a trust
test. Do not go in here or else you are
cheating. Set lava. Do not go in there.
Do not Oh, look. We all He died. That's
not That's not it. That's not it. That's
not it. They didn't really make this US
person. Now we cleared our freaking
inventories. Why did you do that? Hey,
come back. He won. Bipple. Why? Now we
don't have anything. How did you feel
the anger? Just How did I How was I
supposed to know that if I die? How was
I supposed to know? I'm really good at
this. I'm just going to die in them dumb
ways. I thought we needed an axe or
something. That's why I got it. Thank
you. Well, thank you. Out of anything,
you made a wood axe.
I say that counts, honestly.
Wait, what was the intended way? Put in
chat. I don't know. We're going back,
dude. We're going back. We're going
back.
I'm not letting you guys get it that
way. No, no, no, no. Legit. No, it
wasn't. I'm removing your points. Very
legit. No, it wasn't. I'm replacing the
chest. You guys set lava. Also, there's
lava in your map. I'm just letting you
know. All right, we got sad voiced by
the admins, but uh here's the stuff.
That's okay. Where's the Where's the
lava? It's gone. Wait, isn't this Okay,
I see what we were supposed to do. I see
what we were supposed Really? Yep. No
pooling. Mhm.
Wait, maybe. Hear me out. I need to use
this two concrete powder that Sunday
left behind and suffocate myself. Wait,
that's cheating. That's cheating.
Admins, he's cheating. I don't I don't
understand TV. I don't understand. Can I
get a hint? I made an axe. Yeah. Well,
it's We blew it up. We had a No.
No. Sunday. Bad Sunday.
Oh,
stop it. Stop it. You guys are such a
problem, dude. What did we do? Wait,
how'd you get a cake? That's That was
all the ingredients,
but I don't know what to do. I was going
to rhyme, but then I didn't. Why? I
don't know.
We have a hint. Do the hint, man. Yeah.
Where's the
ability? The Evan is tilting. I can feel
it, dude. That's it. Can I Can I win
like in a a different way? No, we have
to figure this out. We have to figure
this out. Eat the dang cake. Hey, he
broke it. No, I can't. I have no hunger.
Give us saturation.
Yeah, we have infinite hunger. I will
die. I want one heart.
Oh, I'm going to eat that cake before
you. Oh, wait. I have hunger. Well,
wait. My heart's my food's still not
going down. I'm losing hunger. Give me
Drop the cake. Drop the cake. You can't
hold on to the cake. I can't. The cake
is a lie. I literally That's right. Give
some cake. I got it. I hate you. You
cheating. I'm a cheater. No, no, no. Let
level seven be the lesson. That was None
of that went well. All right. No. No.
No. No. No. I don't like this one
anymore. No. Okay. I have a new level.
No. Over here. We're coming over here.
We're going this one. This one. This
one. All right. Fine. Level three. Level
three. Eight. Can't get a date. What is
it saying?
Hold on. Don't Don't immediately edit it
after I edited it. Sigils. What?
[Laughter]
Oh, sand. I'll dig the sand and then
suffocate myself. Yeah, I try to get
teleported.
I think we all instantly start doing
this. This is a dumb way to die. He's
not teaming us. He's not teaming us.
Wait, wait, wait. I think this time was
actually the one. Got it first. That was
actually Was that actually it? Wait,
Piv, that was insane. Okay, cool. I'm
really good at things like that. Yeah,
clearly. All right, you know, let's go
to level nine this time. You're level 9.
What? Can we go to level 10 instead of
level 9? No, that's later. Why do you
always try to rush to the end, huh? No,
let's try level 10 right now. I'll cook
it. Oh, level 9. Godly darn it, guys.
Darn it. You can't say that. We've got
some out of the chest. Confess broke the
torch.
Stop bringing torches. Wait, we all you
can use the torch to then torch and then
you know
what if you sit on the torch while it
make your butt I only sit on the toilet.
E devil sits on toilets and breaks them.
Wait. Oh shoot. You know I haven't
thought about that. Oh no. Yeah. You
regret it. Uh-huh. Do you regret? I
regurgitate. I have my respawn set. You
do show me right now. Where'd you get a
bed? Pimple. I stole the bed. He stole
the bed. I throw the bed. Wait, do you
think it's just like a classic soup in
the bed like die moment? I tried. I
tried. Oh, I'm going to just come back.
Legit work because they didn't take it
out from the previous level. Just
explodes immediately. Oh, 100%. He's
about to die. Oh my god. I'm breaking
the glass. What else could this breaking
the gassy? Because I'm really bad. This
one This one's actually a little tricky.
Wiki.
Wiky wiki. What? Can I not say that? Is
that bad? Can I make another John Wick?
That's it. I'm leaving the map. No more
axes.
I got a bone to pick with you. Oh no,
you don't. You're not allowed to have
those. Oh, why' you guys border it so
high? Oh gosh, he's Let's see. Let's see
if they went all the way up, though.
Wait, do you think fall damage is on?
That's what I was thinking.
Oh my god.
No way. No way that this is the time
that it's fall damage. Guess we only
took eight hearts.
Slow down. Slow down. Slows that down.
We were overthinking. Slow that down.
Ow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead and punch
me. Oh, I want to have a heart. Oh no.
What will I do when I'm on Have a heart.
Hey guys, watch me. Ready? And No. Is
that Don't you dare. No. Got him.
[Applause]
Oh yeah. Here we go. That is such a good
react. React. React. React. So for this
final round, now that we've done over 99
ways to die. Wow. That's a lot. Wow. I
didn't like that take. Do it again.
Sorry. Okay. Try again. Try again. All
right. A little further. We're too
close. We're too close. I got nervous.
Okay. All right, guys. Now that we've
done 99 ways to die, as you can see from
our 17 points, which is impossible. How
do we have 17 points in Well, we haven't
died a lot cuz we're really good. We're
really good. Okay, let's go to Wait for
it. Level 100.
Hey, you know they saw the rest of the
video before that, right? No. Oh, it
says 100. Just with the tariffs, we lost
the zero. Okay. Anyway. Oh,
what? I'm being snared. I don't know. I
mean, we all know we all know what this
is. We all know what this is. I mean,
this is I mean, we've died 99 times,
guys. We know what we're running out of
ways to die in Minecraft. You got to be
kidding. Oh, no. I've died. I went in
here first. Ah. Yeah. Go ahead and punch
me. Yeah. Go ahead. No. No. No. No. For
me, guys, this is the final one. I'm
dying to the freeze damage. Punch Z out.
Punch Z out. Warm him up. Yeah. Yeah.
Punch me out. Go ahead. Yeah. Punch me.
Yeah. Yeah. Keep punching Zod
specifically. Okay. Well, now he just
broke it. Wait, who broke it? Who broke
it? Now we can't play the game. Great. I
didn't want to lose.
I mean, he's on. I feel like I was going
to die first. No, I'm pretty sure I was.
I think I was going to die.
Oh, I thought Wait, wait, wait, wait,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait. The whole
meow. The whole meow. Then we'll go. Oh,
I found another one.
I thought I did. I thought I did. All
right, leave me alone. Hey guys, do you
want to know what the hint for this one
was? Frozen death. Thanks. Thanks.
Thanks admins. Yeah. Um, you have a
challenge. Back up. Back up. Wait. Yo,
chill. Wait. Stop it. Stop it. Oh, he
tried to thaw me. He tried to thaw me
out. I'm going to thaw I died. No.
Well, that means we're going to have to
go to level 101, but we don't have one.
So, I got you. K. Let's go. Wait. Oh, I
died in the dumbest way. If you guys
think that you could die in dumber ways
than us in Minecraft, hit the like
button. Also, hit the subscribe button.
This has been a nightmare.